The Minecraft competitor Hightail just
released and here are my thoughts.
First, I'm really impressed by how much
fun this game was. The combat is way
different from Minecraft and reminds me
of hero shooters like Marvel Rivals and
Overwatch because you have a few
different things you can do with your
weapons. And if you use your weapon
enough, you get a special ability that
does a ton of damage. Hightail seems
much more catered towards people who
like exploring and fighting than
building because the progression is much
less simple, but not in a bad way. To
upgrade your armor, it can take hours
because some ores only spawn in certain
biomes, and you need certain mob drops
to upgrade your gear, requiring you to
take on enemies before you're really
strong. There are a ton of structures to
explore, and while they don't give that
useful of stuff, it's still a lot of
fun. My main complaint, though, is that
some parts of this game are just
annoying. Like, crafting takes time, so
to turn a bunch of hide into leather to
craft armor, you have to wait several
minutes, and this just isn't fun. The
game is generally pretty good though and
it's like a cross between Minecraft,
Terraria, Arc and Overwatch.